Allow NotHuman infantry to use Die1 to Die5 sequence when dies (#238)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Whats-New.md

New:
- Setting VehicleType `Speed` to 0 now makes game treat them as stationary (by Starkku)

> - Allow `NotHuman` Infantry to use random `Death`sequence anim (by Otamaa)
> - Warhead able to trigger spesific `NotHuman` Infantry `Death` sequence anim (by Otamaa)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow `NotHuman=yes` infantry to use random `Death` anim sequence (by Otamaa)
- Ability for warheads to trigger specific `NotHuman=yes` infantry `Death` anim sequence (by Otamaa)
```
